# ABET Concerns

One of the most challenging areas of our project management has been its scope. While the general idea of our project has not been an issue, the depth required to complete it has been an area of concern. On its simplest level, our project should be fairly straightforward to get functioning (basic query handling, small database, etc.). However, other facets of our project hinge on the success of these general areas, and result in an expansion of our scope, such as the implementation of a full database instead of our test database.

While our group has experience with creating both a front-end and a back-end, and some understanding in creating a web interface for user input, we are lacking in experience creating communication between these areas. As a result, creating communication between a front-end and a back-end is likely to be a notable obstacle in the development of our generator. As a result, time will likely be needed to research proper front-end and back-end communication in order to accomplish this aspect of our project.

In the creation of our book database, we want to ensure that the books are diverse. More specifically, we want our books to cover a wide variety of topics and come from a diverse selection of authors and their cultures. This will require us to be careful when determining which methods will be best to populate our database, as the most efficient/easiest means of obtaining book information may not lead to a particularly diverse selection.

Although senior design is counted as one of our courses, each of us is still a full-time student with several other responsibilities to manage. Keeping a handle on everything that needs to be done, both within senior design and outside of it, is especially stressful, as time is often a serious constraint on our ability to contribute to our courses. This makes it likely that time will be an issue as we go forward with our project, requiring time management on each of our parts to ensure that the project progresses smoothly.
