# Project Description
Over the course of the next two semesters, we will construct a web-based application capable of generating a list of book recommendations for the user. This will be accomplished by splitting the application into two main sections: a back-end, capable of getting book information from a database; and a front-end, which will take input from the user and display the output from the backend. We are considering a variety of criteria selectable by the user, such as length or genre, to better filter the results. This query will then be sent from the front-end to the back-end, where it will be processed into a form usable for extracting book information from our database. Afterwards, it will be formatted into a list, and displayed on the front-end website.

After testing a variety of platforms, the best choices for our front-end and back-end were determined to be React/Node.js and MongoDB, respectively. These options were the easiest to use for a simplistic project like ours, and were fairly straightforward to learn. Despite their relative simplicity, they have more than enough features to enable us to complete our project.

Generally, as two computer science students, we have taken more than enough courses on the topic to be capable of handling this subject. In particular, our mandatory courses on subjects such as data structures and databases have proven to be useful, given our project’s reliance on these fields of computer science.

We will be splitting development on our project between the two of us, with one member focusing primarily on the front-end of development, and the other on the back-end. This is mostly a result of our prior experience with certain aspects of development, as Emma is significantly more familiar with creating/interacting with databases than Nolan. Other areas of our project, such as formal writing and assignments, will be as evenly split between both members as is possible.
